Added new kb article datagrid-maui-toggle-row-details-cell-selection (#914)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/datagrid-maui-toggle-row-details-cell-selection.md

---
title: Managing Row Details in DataGrid for MAUI on Cell or Row Selection
description: Learn how to toggle row details in a DataGrid for MAUI application based on cell or row selection.
type: how-to
page_title: How to Display Row Details Based on Cell or Row Selection in DataGrid for MAUI
slug: datagrid-maui-toggle-row-details-cell-selection
tags: datagrid, maui, row details, cell selection, row selection, expandedrowdetails, selectionchanged
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

| Product | Version | Author |
| --- | --- | --- |
| DataGrid for .NET MAUI | 7.1.0 | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova) | 

## Description

In a DataGrid for MAUI, I want to show or hide row details based on cell selection without using the default `DataGridToggleRowDetailsColumn`. The goal is to use the `SelectionChanged` event to achieve this functionality. This KB article also answers the following questions:
- How can I show row details on cell selection in a DataGrid?
- What is the method to toggle row details visibility based on cell selection?

> - How to use SelectionChanged event for showing row details in DataGrid for MAUI?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to use the `SelectionChanged` event to show row details in the DataGrid for MAUI?
```

## Solution

> To display row details based on cell selection, you must first define a `RowDetailsTemplate`. For more information on how to set up a `RowDetailsTemplate`, refer to the [official documentation]({%slug datagrid-row-details-template%}).

Reviewer: As the solution consists of a few steps, make sure to list these steps explicitly in a short format. Then, use the list to reference to the detailed explanation.
```suggestion
To display row details based on cell selection:

1. Define a `RowDetailsTemplate`. For more information on how to set up a `RowDetailsTemplate`, refer to the [Row Details Template documentation]({%slug datagrid-row-details-template%}).
1. Handle the selection:
   * To display the row details when a cell is selected, [handle the cell selection](#handling-cell-selection).
   * To display the row details when a row is selected, [handle the row selection](#handling-row-selection).
```
